grammar and style edits (#121)
techworkersco/techworkersco.github.io: call-for-submissions.md

### How to submit

> <markHere’s how to start the process:</mark>

Reviewer: syntax error

```suggestion
<mark>Here’s how to start the process:</mark>
```

1. Finally, we publish the piece! Our newsletters currently comes out every other Friday.

### More ways to contribute

> In addition to workers’ perspective, we welcome collaborators who can help pull together news, histories, and songs – as well more eyes on proofreading and more hands pushing 'publish' each week! Including collaborators is how we grow our collective and steward this newsletter for the long-term. Sound interesting to you? [Email us](mailto:twcnewsletter@protonmail.com)!

Reviewer: "histories" sounds weird and i think it's confusing.

```suggestion
In addition to workers’ perspective, we welcome collaborators who can help pull together news, history, and songs &mdash; as well more eyes on proofreading and more hands pushing 'publish' each week! Including collaborators is how we grow our collective and steward this newsletter for the long-term. Sound interesting to you? [Email us](mailto:twcnewsletter@protonmail.com)!
```

Author: True. Let's leave it as history.
